How to use the online lectures.
You know I've been studying
philosophy, reading, attending
lectures for awhile so I got
some ideas about how I can best
learn. Your case might be
different, so you can use them
however you want, but here are
my suggestions. I think it's
very important to watch these
lectures with a friend as much
as you can. Perhaps you can
connect with somebody via
Facebook or some kind of
WhatsApp or something like that
and watch the lectures together
with them and talk about them as
you go through, much as you
would if you were in the lecture
Theatre. When I'm giving live
lectures, I want those lectures
to be quite interactive and as
you'll see, there are points
where I'm going to encourage
people to talk to each other.
And I think it's very good if
you can replicate some of
that in the offline. Try to
watch with a friend tried to
talk with a friend.
Another thing I do alot is take
notes. I take notes while I'm in
the lecture and sometimes if the
lectures any good I'll go
through those notes and rewrite
them after lecture as well to
consolidate my knowledge. It
takes time, but it pays off.
When I'm giving these lectures,
I'm speaking quite slowly and
I'm often using repetition. I
would expect you often to want
to speed this thing up, and
there is a Fast forward button
so you can watch at one point 5
speed or twice the normal speed,
and I would encourage you to do
that. The other thing I would
encourage you to do is to skip
around. You don't necessarily
want to watch from the beginning
to the end. Maybe at some point
you are bored, right? Jump
ahead. Find a different topic in
the particular section, or look
for another section. You know,
as a learner, very often what
you need to learn, and so it's
up to you to skip around.
The last thing is to ask
questions. There are
opportunities to do this in
the live online session. Also
in the seminars, not just of
me, but also if your friends
and other people on the
course. It's very important as
part of your work here to be
asking and discussing
questions.
One more thing about these
lectures, what you'll notice is
that when I'm using these online
lectures, I'm quite often giving
you a circle like this. This
cycle is assigned, the timer is
about to come, so typically I
have asked you a question. Who's
your favorite philosopher? Who's
the best for us for something
like that and what you're going
to find is that every circle
takes 90 seconds to complete,
and in those 90 seconds I expect
you to be thinking about the
question and talking it through
with a friend. Press preparing
yourself to write a sentence or
two, or to answer some questions
about it. I really hope you
enjoy these recordings. I've
been giving lectures for awhile.
I feel like I've learned a few
things about giving face to face
lectures. This is the first time
for me, giving online lectures
side and promise you that
they're going to be the best
ever on the other hand, I think
sometimes the first time you do
it. It's a little bit more
interesting for the audience
when things go wrong and all the
rest of it. For example, I
shouldn't be talking while the
circles going right. This
should be the your time for
thinking I should never be
talking while the circles
moving, but you know what? 90
seconds is a really long time.
Let's go on and get to the
lecture.